this is a renfe passenger this is a
renfe passenger who the other day Well, well, he
was on a train and
when he was arriving at the station, he
started recording, like, his arrival, not
the typical video through the window and you can see
the trains going by or he recorded the train or
whatever and he didn't realize it but he
recorded Alvaro, I mean, Alvaro was already
there on the 13th, he recorded him, let's say he recorded him, you can see
a pixel, you can see his
feet there, he doesn't say the
renfe passenger who records Alvaro without knowing is a
friend of mine for more than 20 years, his
name is tatat and he is a fan of trains,
planes and vintage cars, he came to
Seville to attend my wedding on the 12th
and he returned to Santa Cruz after
lunch to catch a bird back at a certain
time, we didn't know about
Alvaro's disappearance nor did anyone from the
wedding until the evening
of Friday the 13th, he records train departures
and takeoffs and so on from  2006 And he didn't have it
and he had no idea what he was
recording and he's pissed off because there are
people who have taken possession of his images
let's see what
the
boy said days later of course the value that
we understand that
this video has is that it was recorded it is the day
of the recording that you or you
confirm to me Mario that it was the 13th of October
whatever video it was we were
commenting on it yesterday this video is the 13th the
day after the day after the
disappearance
eh Javi
mandatory mandatory to stay until
9:30 pm
eh JJ no no I don't
care eh JJ we have already done a live today
here it is I
think that is the fundamental thing about the video is to
notice where Álvaro was
so visible man or so visible
the people who would pass by here
by the trains it was assumed that they
were looking for him around here you release
the dogs and they catch him in a second
when the 13th is recorded with which Ávaro
I took the AVE towards Madrid to
16:55 at 55 that Toch arrived at
7 not at 8 men1 of course the bird
from 5-5 in the direction of Madrid that
indicates well of course he would be lying yes yes I don't know if he
recorded it with his mobile or with what if it was with his
mobile it could have metadata it would indicate
that something of what they have told us is not
true because the first version that I
heard days later what they would
indicate that what data
No what data is not
true says it would indicate that the data that they have
given us is not true what data is not
true I don't understand what data of those they
have given is not true because no no if
what they are telling you the autopsy is
that the body had been there for 4 or 5
days my goodness a
little girl already
uncle let's see the reason why the
images where you can see
Álvaro Prieto's accident cannot be viewed until
Monday Well because there are many I imagine
not yesterday mom and I loved to see It turns out
that the police eh Since
the search begins the day  13 requests
all nearby establishments in
the areas and among them this
gas station, images from the
security cameras of the security cameras
that they could have and so on
and The Movida Is that from there the
images of the gas station come out in which in which
Álvaro is seen having the
accident It is supposedly not that they have published it I do
not think that they will ever publish that
but of course why did not they see it until
Monday because
because let's see here they
are going to say the reasons but man I
understand that if they have to view
all the cameras on the road all
the cameras of all the
establishments No, well in the end they will
arrive they will have an order of
distance I imagine we will see what it is that they
say about Sunday but they did not see them
until Monday why Because they already
found Álvaro's body that was
found in a live television Ah of
course of course you have images they would be
reviewing it is that you have to account I
explained it Oh trium the
security camera that they have to review and
also How many hours do they have to review
Because if Álvaro disappears since in the
morning then they have to review from well
hours before Maybe from  6
7 in the morning not of all the cameras
that they had whether they were from the street of
establishments of ATMs then
of course that takes time why did they go
to check the one at that gas station on Monday?
Well because the body already appeared and
then they went directly to look at
the ones from that place, the
cameras that pointed at that place
and what raises for us is a question,
question that I Well, I asked today
that uh if they give you the images on
Sunday Yes, why the body is not
located seeing those images, that video
where he appears and you can see how Álvaro uh
climbs between the wagons with by through
a ladder, suffers that discharge and falls
instantly struck down this story
is a police story. In other words,
the accident can be seen perfectly in a
video It is that it ended yesterday, or in other words, here
the controversy that they have is what I
told you at the beginning of the live broadcast
today here, the controversy that there is
is the possible negligence that they
want to blame either on the police or
on
Renfe, I don't know if there will be
responsibilities here and if they will be taken
or not  I understand that the family, if I
were the family, in the end I would sue for
the images of that live broadcast on
Spanish television, if anything I would also sue
someone who reproduced the image
already cold in the following hours, not to
upload it to the media and
press releases and
so on, but the thing is that in the end you are
not going to get anything with the police and with the
Renfe either, you are not going to get anything. Hey, he
was there, they didn't see him, but they did
n't see him, period. He climbs that ladder, eh,
and just when he's on the roof, he suffers
that shock and falls dead. Imagine,
who was going to tell that kid what was going to
happen to him when the party ends,
after a normal night of partying
and having a good time and all that
stuff, who was going to tell the kid what a mess he was
going to make because he lost his
ticket and because he decided to go out there on
the tracks, sneak in, and and die
like that, what a mess he was going to make for
a week in all the
media, talking, looking for him,
examining us today. Well, there are
times in life when experts come out,
in this case, experts  of trains
people are not doing
Eh if there are some images that are
handed over to the police on Sunday since
the body is not located on that track and it is
located on Monday in a live
TV Well why don't you tean rev is that
How many hours do you have to review, I mean
you now know more or less you now
know more or less you know the
exact area, I mean they find the body and
then you review the cameras to see
how that body got there right and more
or less well you say well at the time he
left we looked more or less at this
time I That's the question I've asked
and but I imagine that the cameras of
the other establishments review them
for more hours more days you
know what I mean and well the answer I think is worth
at least
raising it And from there The
answer is that the police the the
disappearance occurs on Thursday the
police on Friday uh before
24 hours have passed the hours are
important because there are
recording devices that are erased after 24 hours
they make a kind of map or
broad spectrum of the station they don't know
where it has  missing, they had the
hypothesis of the tracks but it could have
come from anywhere else, so they
made a map, a concentric circle, what
Carlos is saying now, very
wide around Santa Justa and within
all the cameras that are within
that circle, they request them, they go
establishment by establishment
requesting those cameras, they do that on
Friday, we are talking about more than 60
cameras, the figure is important for a
disappearance, more than 60 cameras were in
those 2
km, my goodness, I put a video how strong My
eyes hurt from reading it, what son, what's
happening to you,
pile, more than 60 cameras, man, there were more
than 60 cameras. What does the police do? What does the
police logic do in this case? Start
looking at the cameras that are on the
possible exit routes or escape routes
or possible exits that
Álvaro could have had, but they don't think about this
camera that is k and Med from Santa Justa,
the camera at this gas station is 3 km
and Med from the train and that, and this that I want to
emphasize is important, probably at
first glance, I don't know if that image that
they put up of those cameras are eh, I mean, I
understand that the camera is that, why,
well, yes, of course  that there's a car wash
there's a car wash behind that
gas station or in other words the wall that separates the
gas station from the train tracks
no In this area there's one of these
car washes so I understand that
maybe the security cameras are in case
someone jumps from inside not without
knowing that Alvaro had gotten in there of course
impossible it would be difficult to see what's going on that
on Monday when they already know
what happened they look at that camera
zoom in and discover that that
camera
my goodness my goodness
Well nothing happens an accident
and it was an accident due to the
boy's negligence okay it was
especially because of the last paragraph the
boy gets into the space between the cars
and tries to climb onto the roof and gets
electrocuted it's not the other way around it's the
other way around as it is said Joe we
talked about this yesterday Rey you didn't see us yesterday no
[ __ ] we talked about this yesterday you that there were
even some asylum footprints there
are footprints ascending from the boy
going up